c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\bin\Debug\mChat.exe.config
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\bin\Debug\mChat.exe
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\bin\Debug\mChat.pdb
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\obj\Debug\mChat_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\obj\Debug\mChat.g.resources
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\obj\Debug\mChat.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\obj\Debug\mChat.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\obj\Debug\mChat.exe
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\obj\Debug\mChat.pdb
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\bin\Debug\Dragablz.dll
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\bin\Debug\Dragablz.pdb
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\bin\Debug\Dragablz.xml
c:\users\alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\obj\Debug\mChat_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\bin\Debug\NetComm.dll
C:\Users\Alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\bin\Debug\ServerWcfService.dll
C:\Users\Alec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mChat\mChat\obj\Debug\mChat.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
